Update README.md (#28458)
truecharts/containers: README.md

# Container Images

> Images are hosted on GitHub Container Registry [here](https://github.com/orgs/truecharts/packages?ecosystem=container&visibility=public).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images are hosted on Quay [here](https://quay.io/repository/truecharts).
 
```

## Mirror

We host a dedicated mirror repository, these containers are directly fetched from official and/or trusted sources.

### Purpose

We host our own mirror for a multitude of reasons, which include:

- Getting around Docker Hub rate-limiting

> - Preventing upstream maintainers from removing tags resulting breaking our apps

Reviewer: apps -> charts
